com/programacion/distribuida/dominio/Categoria.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dominio.Categoria
com/programacion/distribuida/dominio/Review.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dominio.Review
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/CategoriaServicioImp.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.CategoriaServicioImp
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ProductoServicio.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ProductoServicio
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ReviewServicio.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ReviewServicio
=======
>>>>>>> 909659ad7b4df71e871becd9a551cd6b96c47782
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ReviewServicioImp.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ReviewServicioImp
com/programacion/distribuida/dto/CategoriaDto.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dto.CategoriaDto
com/programacion/distribuida/dominio/Review.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dominio.Review
com/programacion/distribuida/dominio/Producto.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dominio.Producto
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/CategoriaServicio.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.CategoriaServicio
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/ProductoRest.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.ProductoRest
com/programacion/distribuida/dto/ReviewDto.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dto.ReviewDto
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ProductoServicioImp.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ProductoServicioImp
com/programacion/distribuida/dto/ProductoDto.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.dto.ProductoDto
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/CategoriaRest.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.CategoriaRest
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/RestApp.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.RestApp
com/programacion/distribuida/AppMain.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.AppMain
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/ReviewRest.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.ReviewRest
=======
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/ReviewRest.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.ReviewRest
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ReviewServicio.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ReviewServicio
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ProductoServicio.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ProductoServicio
com/programacion/distribuida/servicio/ProductoServicioImp.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.servicio.ProductoServicioImp
com/programacion/distribuida/rest/ProductoRest.java
 com.programacion.distribuida.rest.ProductoRest
>>>>>>> 909659ad7b4df71e871becd9a551cd6b96c47782
